hey guys here we are again back with
another episode of US Army reviews this
time around I'm gonna be doing gran
turismo 5 prologue um this game just
released last week so before we get into
that remember I'm part of the deal v
network give you all the sites for the
end of the video you can jump right into
it alright so gran turismo 5 prologue
right off the bat definitely you're
going to notice that it is clearly
beautiful I mean especially the HDTV
just pops off the screen run smoothly 50
frames per second 1080p you can do that
it's this magnet you can't believe it I
mean it is spectacular just like all the
other gran turismo games the physics
that controls everything runs great car
handles great i have the new in dash
view which i love which is really fun
give you more in-depth feels actually
racing that car and it's actually what
the car actually looks like on the
inside so it's actually really really
good i highly highly enjoy that another
thing is going to be obviously the menu
you're going to see you house at the top
or you have the menu gonna show you live
whether and then use a popular retract
around the world kind of necessary but
cool feature because it automatically
does that then you got a clock and
calendar and everything in the
background making it look all night
really good obviously the game kind of
short out of cars 60 cars I mean it's
not short it's got quite a bit but
compared to what gran turismo for what
five hundred bucks cars in that game you
know you can get through it pretty
quickly and there's only three classes
and races and it goes pretty fast but
all in all it's really solid the online
runs great it's fun play with your
buddies but there's no friends list or
any way of makes go making a room and
choosing do you want to play with this
and I challenges in a couple times
imaginate for you the only way you can
really play with friends if you all get
on the phone say okay hit X now it works
fine when it attaches it also this in
the rocks right room by out 10 times but
that was good I mean it's if you're a
fan of the series you love you
once again it is only a prologue it's
not a full game that's why I'm glad they
only charge forty dollars still 40 bucks
but I mean you get quite a bit 40 bucks
I enjoy the online new it's nice it's
really well done I enjoyed that and of
course the game is solid other features
where they got like the news which keeps
you updated on Gran Turismo things and
then gran turismo TV I thought it was a
pretty cool addition to it as a bunch of
videos on it i mean there's one beyond
the apex which shows making of basically
behind the scenes when they first showed
it off at tokyo game show that type of
thing and another one that's mitsubishi
lancer behind the scenes and then they
got the GTR story right now only Inside
Story one I know this three total those
are excellent videos shows them testing
the real new Nissan GTR down in Germany
and basically showing how to put them in
the game all this time I thought those
are pretty good cool addition to the the
game
you know bandon series will love it what
you expect from a Gran Turismo game they
push the limits powerful on the power
and no it's fun it's good and I just
can't wait for the full one but I'll
tell you what this I'm playing the same
for about a week street for forty dollar
game I can't can't go wrong with that so
all in all due to the fact that it's not
the full game and all the fees all i
knows whatever i'll give it to nine out
of ten but obviously that is subject to
change once the full game comes out
which they are saying 09 so see you
don't know nine hopefully but uh yeah
that's pretty much it you know pretty
straightforward what great game I can't
really doggone at all i really enjoyed
it um so like i said at the beginning
part of the dl b network which is going
to check out the blog you're going to go
to fog and not myspace com forward slash
about playstation as well as the number
three and go through the dl b network
site which is coming soon dl b dash
networks com all right excuse me you
seen my previous video on the DualShock
3 you'll know that I'm getting my boy
I'm silver canine he's doing the video
editing so definitely check out his page
at youtube.com forward slash sk9 network
and the other one for the deal b network
here is going to be my man Sandman
youtube com 4 / ps3 support yes he's got
all your videos on help you with a penis
3 certain things like that is excellent
all right once again my page is youtube
com forest by the US Army reviews onward
go there I'll Matt let me know what you
think rated subscribe tell me what you
want next probably going to be grand
theft auto for that game comes out just
next week but you're gonna have to give
me some time after that because you know
Grand Theft Auto to play the game all
the way through it's going to take a
while it's a full-blown game it is there
be a lot to it so you have to bear with
me and let me play the game if you want
a solid review but yeah definitely be
prepared to see that soon and let me
know what you guys want down the road so
I check out a silver stage if you'll be
doing as well as me doing the game
review if you'll be doing the essentials
review of when Grand Theft Auto comes
out because he's going to be getting a
limited edition with the duffel bag and
the bonus DVD so he's going to let us
know about it just worth it is it worth
getting the extra that type of thing
alright so we're from the govt network
thanks again guys
you